drivers: sensor: bq34110: Add BQ34110 Fuel Gauge driver support (#31801)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: samples/sensor/bq34110/README.rst

.. _bq34110-sample:

BQ34110 Sensor Sample
#####################

Overview
********

This sample application retrieves all the fuel gauge parameters,
- Voltage, in volts
- Average current, in amps
- Gauge temperature
- State of charge measurement in percentage
- Full Charge Capacity in mAh
- Remaining Charge Capacity in mAh
- Average power in W
- Time to full in minutes
- Time to empty in minutes

from BQ34110 sensor and prints this information to the UART console.

Requirements
************

> - frdm_k64f board with BQ34110 sensor `BQ34110 Sensor`_

Reviewer: That's not true; is it? All you need is a board with this sensor in the devicetree, right?

Author: yeah, it should work with any platform featuring I2C peripheral.
README.rst file updated

.. _bq34110-sample:

BQ34110 Sensor Sample
#####################

Overview
********

This sample application retrieves all the fuel gauge parameters,
- Voltage, in volts
- Average current, in amps
- Gauge temperature
- State of charge measurement in percentage
- Full Charge Capacity in mAh
- Remaining Charge Capacity in mAh
- Average power in W
- Time to full in minutes
- Time to empty in minutes

from BQ34110 sensor and prints this information to the UART console.

Requirements
************

> This sample requires a `BQ34110 Fuel Gauge`_ and :dtcompatible:`ti,bq34110`
> overlay must be provided to connect the sensor to the I2C bus.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample requires a board with a `BQ34110 Fuel Gauge`_ connected
via the I2C bus. The fuel gauge must be described with a devicetree node
with compatible :dtcompatible:`ti,bq34110`. If your board does not have 
this fuel gauge built-in, a devicetree overlay must be provided adding the node.
See :zephyr_file:`samples/sensor/bq34110/boards/frdm_k64f.overlay` for
an example devicetree overlay.
```

Author: README.rst file updated as per the suggestion.
